gravestone doji

    A gravestone doji is a bearish pattern that suggests a reversal followed by a downtrend in the price action.
    A gravestone pattern can be used as a sign to take profits on a bullish position or enter a bearish trade.
    The opposite of a gravestone doji is a dragonfly doji.


tristar

    A tri-star is a three line candlestick pattern that can signal a possible reversal in the current trend, be it bullish or bearish.
    Tri-star patterns form when three consecutive doji candlesticks appear at the end of a prolonged trend.
    A tri-star pattern near a significant support or resistance level increases the probability of a successful trade.


3outside Three Outside Up/Down 

    Three outside up/down are patterns of three candlesticks that often signal a reversal in trend.
    The three outside up and three outside down patterns are characterized by one candlestick immediately followed by two candlesticks of opposite shading.
    Each tries to leverage market psychology in order to read near-term changes in sentiment.
  

hikkake

    Complex chart pattern consisting of an inside day, a fake-out move and then a reversal-and-breakout move.
    The pattern appears to work based on traders expectations of price moving one way, and then collectively bailing out as price reverses.
    The pattern has two variations, a bullish and a bearish setup.
    The bullish variation is more frequently observed.


modified hikkake

    The modified hikkake adds a context bar to the basic hikkake pattern. There is a bullish and bearish version of the modified hikkake.
    The bearish version consists of a context bar that closes near the high but has a smaller range than the prior candle. 
    This followed by an inside bar, then a candle with a higher high and higher low. The pattern completes when the price drops below the inside bar low.
    The bullish version consists of a context bar that closes near the low but has a smaller range than the prior candle. 
    This followed by an inside bar, then a candle with a lower high and lower low. The pattern completes when the price rises above the inside bar high. 


engulfing

    A bullish engulfing pattern is a candlestick chart pattern that forms when a small black candlestick is followed the next day by a large white candlestick, the body of which completely overlaps or engulfs the body of the previous day’s candlestick.
    Bullish engulfing patterns are more likely to signal reversals when they are preceded by four or more black candlesticks.
    Investors should look not only to the two candlesticks which form the bullish engulfing pattern but also to the preceding candlesticks.


    A bearish engulfing pattern can occur anywhere, but it is more significant if it occurs after a price advance. This could be an uptrend or a pullback to the upside 
    with a larger downtrend.
    Ideally, both candles are of substantial size relative to the price bars around them. Two very small bars may create an engulfing pattern, but it is far 
    less significant than if both candles are large.
    The real body—the difference between the open and close price—of the candlesticks is what matters. The real body of the down candle must engulf the up candle.
    The pattern has far less significance in choppy markets.


eveningdojistar Evening Star

    An Evening Star is a pattern used by technical analysts to predict future price declines.
    Although it is rare, the Evening Star pattern is considered a reliable technical indicator.
    The Evening Star is the opposite of the Morning Star pattern. The two are bearish and bullish indicators, respectively.

morningstar

    A morning star is a visual pattern made up of a tall black candlestick, a smaller black or white candlestick with a short body and long wicks, and a third tall white candlestick.
    The middle candle of the morning star captures a moment of market indecision where the bears begin to give way to bulls. 
    The third candle confirms the reversal and can mark a new uptrend.
    The opposite pattern to a morning star is the evening star, which signals a reversal of an uptrend into a downtrend.


hangingman (up and down)

    A hanging man is a bearish reversal candlestick pattern that occurs after a price advance. The advance can be small or large, but should be composed 
    of at least a few price bars moving higher overall.
    The candle must have a small real body and a long lower shadow that is at least twice the size as the real body. There is little or no upper shadow.
    The close of the hanging man can be above or below open, it just needs to be near the open so the real body is small.
    The long lower shadow of the hanging man shows that sellers were able to take control for part of the trading period.
    The hanging man pattern is just a warning. The price must move lower on the next candle in order for the hanging man to be a valid reversal pattern. 
    This is called confirmation.
    Traders typically exit long trades or enter short trades during or after the confirmation candle, not before. 


darkcloudcover (up and down)

    Dark Cloud Cover is a candlestick pattern that shows a shift in momentum to the downside following a price rise.
    The pattern is composed of a bearish candle that opens above but then closes below the midpoint of the prior bullish candle.
    Both candles should be relatively large, showing strong participation by traders and investors. When the pattern occurs with small candles it is typically less significant.
    Traders typically see if the candle following the bearish candle also shows declining prices. A further price decline following the bearish candle is called confirmation.

  
dragonflydoji

    A dragonfly doji can occur after a price rise or a price decline.
    The open, high, and close prices match each other, and the low of the period is significantly lower than the former three. This creates a "T" shape.
    The appearance of a dragonfly doji after a price advance warns of a potential price decline. A move lower on the next candle provides confirmation.
    A dragonfly doji after a price decline warns the price may rise. If the next candle rises that provides confirmation.
    Candlestick traders typically wait for the confirmation candle before acting on the dragonfly doji.


advanceblock

    An advance block is a three-period candlestick pattern considered to forecast a reversal.
    The pattern's success at predicting reversal is barely above random.
    Reversals are more prevalent when this pattern occurs in a larger downward trend.


belthold

    A bullish belt hold is a single bar Japanese candlestick pattern that suggests a possible reversal of the prevailing downtrend.
    Bullish belt hold's potency is enhanced if it forms near a support level, such a trend line, a moving average, or at market pivot points.
    The bullish belt hold can be found across all time frames, but is more reliable on the daily and weekly charts.

    A bearish belt hold is a pattern that often signals a reverse in investor sentiment from bullish to bearish. 
    However, the bearish belt hold is not considered very reliable as it occurs frequently and is often incorrect in predicting future share prices. 
    As with any other candlestick charting method, more than two days of trading should be considered when making predictions about trends. 


closingmarubozu

    The black marubozu is simply a long black (down, or red on the charts below) candle, with little to no upper or lower shadows. 
    The pattern shows that sellers controlled the trading day from open to close, and is therefore a bearish pattern. 
    The candlestick can provide a trade signal or analytical insight into the future direction of a stock price. 
    While it is a bearish pattern, often the context in which it occurs is more important than the candlestick itself. 
    Seller control is especially worth watching near resistance and near support, as either case provides the likely possibility of further selling. 
    When the market closed on July 31, four stocks had significant black marubozu candlesticks. 
    With the right context in place, these stocks face potentially big moves over the next week. 


spinningtop

    Spinning tops are symmetrical, with upper and lower shadows of approximately equal length.
    The real body should be small, showing little difference between the open and close prices.
    Since buyers and sellers both pushed the price, but couldn't maintain it, the pattern shows indecision and that more sideways movement could follow.
    Following a strong move higher or lower, a spinning top shows that the trend traders may be losing conviction. 
    For example, following a strong up move, a spinning top shows buyers may be losing some of their control and a reversal to the downside could be near.
    Spinning tops, and nearly all candlestick patterns, require confirmation. If a spinning top could be the start of a reversal, the next candle should confirm. 
    If the spinning top is showing indecision, then the next candle should also move sideways within the range.


harami

    A bullish harami is a candlestick chart indicator for reversal in a bear price movement.
    It is generally indicated by a small increase in price (signified by a white candle) that can be contained within the given equity's 
    downward price movement (signified by black candles) from the past couple of days. 

    A bearish harami is a candlestick chart indicator for reversal in a bull price movement.
    It is generally indicated by a small decrease in price (signified by a black candle) that can be contained within the 
    given equity's upward price movement (signified by white candles) from the past day or two.
    Traders can use technical indicators, such as the relative strength index (RSI) and the stochastic oscillator with a bearish 
    harami to increase the chance of a successful trade.


invertedhammer

    The inverted hammer is a type of candlestick pattern found after a downtrend and is usually taken to be a trend-reversal signal. 
    The inverted hammer looks like an upside down version of the hammer candlestick pattern, and when it appears in an uptrend is called a shooting star. 


hammer

    Hammers have a small real body and a long lower shadow.
    Hammers occur after a price decline.
    The hammer candlestick shows sellers came into the market during the period but by the close the selling had been absorbed and buyers had pushed 
    the price back to near the open.
    The close can be above or below the open, although the close should be near the open in order for the real body to remain small.
    The lower shadow should be at least two times the height of the real body.
    Hammer candlesticks indicate a potential price reversal to the upside. The price must start moving up following the hammer; this is called confirmation.


eveningstar

    An Evening Star is a pattern used by technical analysts to predict future price declines.
    Although it is rare, the Evening Star pattern is considered a reliable technical indicator.
    The Evening Star is the opposite of the Morning Star pattern. The two are bearish and bullish indicators, respectively.


xsidegap3methods

    The Upside/Downside Gap Three Methods is a three-bar candlestick pattern. 
    The Upside Gap Three Methods pattern suggests a bullish continuation of the trend.
    The Downside Gap Three Methods pattern suggests a bearish continuation of the trend.


haramicross

    A bullish harami cross is a large down candle followed by a doji. It occurs during a downtrend.
    The bullish harami cross is confirmed by a price move higher following the pattern.
    A bearish harami cross is a large up candle followed by a doji. It occurs during an uptrend.
    The bearish pattern is confirmed by a price move lower following the pattern.


longleggeddoji

    The long-legged doji has long upper and lower shadows and a small real body.
    The pattern shows indecision and is most significant when it occurs after a strong advance or decline.
    While some traders may act on the one-candle pattern, others want to see what the price does after the long-legged doji.
    The pattern is not always significant, and won't always mark the end of a trend. 
    It could mark the start of a consolidation period, or it may just end up being an insignificant blip in the current trend.


shortline

    A short-line, or short candles are candlesticks that have short bodies.
    This short-body shape indicates that the open and close prices of the security were quite close to another.
    Short-body candles may indicate a period of consolidation in a stock or other asset, but their interpretation will 
    vary based on what other price action has preceded and follows it.

  
matchinglow

    The matching low pattern is created by two down candlesticks with similar or matching closing prices.
    The pattern occurs following a price decline and signals a potential bottom or that price has reached a support level.
    In reality, the price could go either direction following the pattern, and more often it continues to the downside.


stalledpattern

    A stalled pattern indicates indecision in the market. 
    It may suggest a limited ability for traders turn a quick profit through short-term trades. 


homingpigeon


thrusting

    A thrusting pattern is a long black candle followed by a white candle that closes near the midpoint of the black candle's real body.
    The pattern is thought to act as a continuation pattern, but in reality, it acts as a reversal pattern about half the time.
    Thrusting patterns are fairly common, don't necessarily result in large price moves, and are most useful when combined with other types of evidence.


piercing

    The piercing pattern is a two-day candle pattern that implies a potential reversal from a downward trend to an upward trend.
    This candle pattern typically only forecasts about five days out.
    Three characteristics of this pattern include a downward trend before the pattern, a gap after the first day, and a strong reversal as the second candle in the pattern.


gapsidesidewhite

    There is an up and down version of the pattern. The up version is a white candle followed by a gap up and two white candles of similar size. 
    The down version is a black candle followed by a gap down and two white candles of similar size.
    The pattern is a continuation pattern, meaning the price is expected to move in the direction of the trend (first candle) following the pattern.
    The pattern has moderate reliability in terms of the trend continuing after the pattern, but quite often the price move after the pattern will be muted, 
    indicating it is not a highly significant pattern.


3blackcrows

    Three black crows are a reliable reversal pattern when confirmed by other technical indicators like the relative strength index (RSI).
    The size of the three black crows and the shadow can be used to judge whether the reversal is at risk of a retracement.
    The opposite pattern of three black crows is three white soldiers indicating a reversal of a downtrend.


shootingstar

    A shooting star occurs after an advance and indicates the price could start falling.
    The formation is bearish because the price tried to rise significantly during the day, but then the sellers took over and pushed the price back down toward the open.
    Traders typically wait to see what the next candle (period) does following a shooting star. If the price declines during the next period they may sell or short.
    If the price rises after a shooting star, the formation may have been a false signal or the candle is marking a potential resistance area around the price range of the candle.


tasukigap

    The Upside Tasuki Gap is a three-bar candlestick formation that signals the continuation of the current uptrend.
    The Upside Tasuki Gap’s third candle partially closes the gap between the first two bars.
    Traders often use other gap patterns in conjunction with the Upside Tasuki gap to confirm bullish price action.

    A Downside Tasuki Gap is a candlestick formation that is commonly used to signal the continuation of the current downtrend. 
    The pattern is formed when a series of candlesticks have demonstrated the following characteristics: 


3linestrike

    The bullish three line strike reversal pattern carves out three black candles within a downtrend. 
    Each bar posts a lower low and closes near the intrabar low. The fourth bar opens even lower but reverses in a wide-range outside bar that closes 
    above the high of the first candle in the series. The opening print also marks the low of the fourth bar. According to Bulkowski, this reversal 
    predicts higher prices with an 83% accuracy rate.


gravestonedoji

    A gravestone doji is a bearish pattern that suggests a reversal followed by a downtrend in the price action.
    A gravestone pattern can be used as a sign to take profits on a bullish position or enter a bearish trade.
    The opposite of a gravestone doji is a dragonfly doji


longline

    They are Candles with a long or very long Real Body, thus with a big difference between the Opening Price (Open) and the Closing Price (Close); 
    it means that the Price is greatly increased or decreased during the Period of time that Candle represents.
    A Long Line can be a signal of reversal of a current Trend, if it is very long and has opposite colour than the Previous Candles.
    A Long Line must have a long or very long Real Body: to understand if the Real Body is long enough, you have to check the Real Bodies of the Previous Candles, 
    and the Real Body of the Long Line has to be longer than the average of the Previous Real Bodies that you’ve just checked. (For example, 
    we have a Long Candle that has a Real body of X value, while the average of the Real Bodies of the previous Candles is Y: if X is greater than Y, 
    that is a Long Line; if not, that is not a Long Line but just a “long” Candle).


unique3river

    The unique three river pattern is composed of three candlesticks, in a specific sequence: a long downward real body, a hammer that makes a new low, and a third candle with a small upward real body that stays within the range of the hammer.
    Traditionally, the pattern indicates a bullish reversal but the price can actually move either direction after the pattern occurs.
    Traders often use the direction of a confirmation candle, which is the fourth candle, to signal which direction the price is likely to move following the pattern.